Docs updates (#2081)
vyperlang/vyper: docs/built-in-functions.rst

    .. code-block:: python

        >>> ExampleContract.foo(31337, 8008135)
        8027119

.. py:function:: bitwise_xor(x: uint256, y: uint256) -> uint256

    Perform a "bitwise exclusive or" operation. Each bit of the output is the same as the corresponding bit in ``x`` if that bit in ``y`` is 0, and it's the complement of the bit in ``x`` if that bit in ``y`` is 1.

    .. code-block:: python

        @external
        @view
        def foo(x: uint256, y: uint256) -> uint256:
            return bitwise_xor(x, y)

    .. code-block:: python

        >>> ExampleContract.foo(31337, 8008135)
        8014766

.. py:function:: shift(x: uint256, _shift: int128) -> uint256

    Return ``x`` with the bits shifted ``_shift`` places. A positive ``_shift`` value equals a left shift, a negative value is a right shift.

    .. code-block:: python

        @external
        @view
        def foo(x: uint256, y: int128) -> uint256:
            return shift(x, y)

    .. code-block:: python

        >>> ExampleContract.foo(2, 8)
        512

Chain Interaction
=================

.. py:function:: create_forwarder_to(target: address, value: uint256 = 0) -> address

>     Duplicates a contract's code and deploys it as a new instance, by means of a ``DELEGATECALL``.

Reviewer: Doesn't actually duplicate lol. It creates a forwarder contract that delegates all logic to a given target template contract

Author: I just moved the text that was already written.  Can you suggest an edit?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Creates a small contract and deploys it as a new instance of the contract at ``target``, which duplicates the logic of ``target`` but has it's own state since every call is made using ``DELEGATECALL`` to ``target``.
```

    .. code-block:: python

        >>> ExampleContract.foo(b"potato")
        0xe91c254ad58860a02c788dfb5c1a65d6a8846ab1dc649631c7db16fef4af2dec

Data Manipulation
=================

.. py:function:: concat(a, b, *args) -> Union[Bytes, String]

    Take 2 or more bytes arrays of type ``bytes32``, ``Bytes`` or ``String`` and combine them into a single value.

    If the input arguments are ``String`` the return type is ``String``.  Otherwise the return type is ``Bytes``.

    .. code-block:: python

        @external
        @view
        def foo(a: String[5], b: String[5], c: String[5]) -> String[100]
            return concat(a, " ", b, " ", c, "!")

    .. code-block:: python

        >>> ExampleContract.foo("why","hello","there")
        "why hello there!"

.. py:function:: convert(value, type_) -> Any

    Converts a variable or literal from one type to another.

    * ``value``: Value to convert
    * ``type_``: The destination type to convert to (``bool``, ``decimal``, ``int128``, ``uint256`` or ``bytes32``)

    Returns a value of the type specified by ``type_``.

    For more details on available type conversions, see :ref:`type_conversions`.

> .. py:function:: extract32(b: Bytes, start: int128, output_type=bytes32) -> Union[bytes32, int128, address]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. py:function:: extract32(b: Bytes, start: int128, output_type=bytes32) -> Any
```

.. py:function:: uint256_addmod(a: uint256, b: uint256, c: uint256) -> uint256

    Return the modulo of ``(a + b) % c``. Reverts if ``c == 0``.

    .. code-block:: python

        @external
        @view
        def foo(a: uint256, b: uint256, c: uint256) -> uint256:
            return uint256_addmod(a, b, c)

    .. code-block:: python

        >>> (6 + 13) % 8
        3
        >>> ExampleContract.foo(6, 13, 8)
        3

.. py:function:: uint256_mulmod(a: uint256, b: uint256, c: uint256) -> uint256

    Return the modulo from ``(a * b) % c``. Reverts if ``c == 0``.

    .. code-block:: python

        @external
        @view
        def foo(a: uint256, b: uint256, c: uint256) -> uint256:
            return uint256_mulmod(a, b, c)

    .. code-block:: python

        >>> (11 * 2) % 5
        2
        >>> ExampleContract.foo(11, 2, 5)
        2

Utilities
=========

.. py:function:: as_wei_value(_value, unit: str) -> uint256

    Take an amount of ether currency specified by a number and a unit and return the integer quantity of wei equivalent to that amount.

    * ``_value``: Value for the ether unit. Any numeric type may be used, however the value cannot be negative.

>     * ``unit``: Ether unit name (e.g. ``"wei"``, ``"ether"``, ``"gwei"``, etc.) indicating the denomination of ``_value``. Must be given as a literal string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * ``unit``: Ether unit name (e.g. ``"wei"``, ``"ether"``, ``"gwei"``, etc.) indicating the denomination of ``_value``. Must be given as decimal literal.
```

Author: It's a literal string. Maybe you mean `_value` ?

Reviewer: yes, sorry

    .. code-block:: python

        @external
        @view
        def foo(s: String[32]) -> uint256:
            return as_wei_value(1.337, "ether")

    .. code-block:: python

        >>> ExampleContract.foo(1)
        1337000000000000000

.. py:function:: blockhash(block_num: uint256) -> bytes32

    Return the hash of the block at the specified height.

    .. note::

>         The EVM only provides access to the most 256 blocks. This function returns 0 if the block number is greater than or equal to the current block number or more than 256 blocks behind the current block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The EVM only provides access to the most 256 blocks. This function returns ``EMPTY_BYTES32`` if the block number is greater than or equal to the current block number or more than 256 blocks behind the current block.
```

Note to self: we should actually revert in this condition?
